feat: Add zone-aware scraping to prometheus operator CRDs (#6010)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/reference/components/prometheus/prometheus.operator.probes.md

If {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} is _not_ running in clustered mode, then the block is a no-op, and `prometheus.operator.probes` scrapes every target it receives in its arguments.

#### Zone-aware clustering

When `zone_aware` is set to `true`, each {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} instance only scrapes targets that are in the same availability zone as the instance itself.
Targets in a different zone are skipped before the hash ring is consulted, which reduces cross-zone network traffic.
Targets whose zone can't be determined fall through to normal hash ring distribution so they aren't dropped.
You should make sure that {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} is deployed in all availability zones, e.g. by using `topologySpreadConstraints`.

{{< admonition type="note" >}}

> Zone-aware clustering only applies to targets with Kubernetes pod metadata (when Probe targets are discovered through Kubernetes service discovery).
> For Probe resources that target arbitrary IPs or hostnames without pod metadata, the `zone_aware` setting has no effect and targets are distributed using the global cluster ring.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Zone-aware clustering applies only when Probe targets include Kubernetes Pod metadata from Kubernetes service discovery.
For Probe resources that target arbitrary IP addresses or hostnames without Pod metadata, `zone_aware` has no effect.
The component still assigns those targets on the global cluster ring.
```
